[backport to v0.37.x] config: add bootstrap peers (tendermint#9680) (#1019)
cometbft/cometbft: UPGRADING.md

When upgrading from the v0.34 release series, please note that the Go module has
now changed to `github.com/cometbft/cometbft`.

## Config Changes

> * A new config field, `BootstrapPeers` has been introduced as a means of
>   adding a list of addresses to the addressbook upon initializing a node. This is an
>   alternative to `PersistentPeers`. `PersistentPeers` shold be only used for
>   nodes that you want to keep a constant connection with i.e. sentry nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new config field, `p2p.bootstrap_peers` has been introduced as a means of
  adding a list of addresses to the addressbook upon initializing a node. This is an
  alternative to `p2p.persistent_peers`. `p2p.persistent_peers` should be only used for
  nodes that you want to keep a constant connection with i.e. sentry nodes.
```
